bring your own credentials (issue #64) (#74)
googleworkspace/md2googleslides: README.md

npm install -g md2gslides
```

> Then get your OAuth client ID credentials:
> - Create (or reuse) a developer project at <https://console.developers.google.com>
> - Enable Google Slides API at [API library page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library)
> - Go to [Credentials page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials) and click "+ Create credentials" at the top
> - Select "OAuth client ID" authorization credentials, choose "Other", and give it a name (or take the default)
> - Download client credentials file... you'll be prompted with a long name like, `client\_secret\__LARGE-HASH_.json`, but simplify to `client_id.json` and save to `~/.md2googleslides`.
> 

Reviewer: I would be more explicit here, otherwise it's perfect! What about:

```suggestion
Then get your OAuth client ID credentials:

* Create (or reuse) a developer project at <https://console.developers.google.com>
* Enable Google Slides API at [API library page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library)
* Go to [Credentials page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials) and click "+ Create credentials" at the top
* Select "OAuth client ID" authorization credentials
* Choose type "Computer Application" and give it some name.
* Download client credentials file.
* Copy it to `client_id.json` (name has to match) and save to `~/.md2googleslides`.

```
You can see full comparison: https://github.com/gsuitedevs/md2googleslides/compare/master...bwplotka:auth?expand=1

```
